What a coincidence!
Are you here too?
Wang Qianjun
It's you, Lao Liu
Do you really want to sell prickly ash to Boss Lin?
Uh, no, I don't have Wang Qianjun.
You sent someone to smash my workshop
And now cutting off my chili and prickly ash
It is only supplied.
That's right, who made you bold?
Against my Wang Qianjun?
Kobayashi, don't blame me for not giving you a chance
Now as long as you kneel down and apologize to me obediently
Then give me 80% immediately
I can consider ordering for you.
Then I have to thank you for saying so
Hahaha of course you have to thank me.
On this one-third acre of land in Yizhou
No one dares to rob me of what Wang Qianju likes
It's a lot of profit.
So what if I don't give it?
Then of course you close the door
Get out of a spell
Without the raw materials
I see how your crayfish can do it
Hahahahaha hey
Shopkeeper, if you don't ring a car again
But it's really closing, oops, it doesn't matter.
There's more to this crayfish than that.
You go to the ninth floor of Hanhai to find Wang Anju
Let's just say I invite him to dinner tonight